Create rule S6369: Coroutine should have co_return on each execution path or provide return_void (#489)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S935/cfamily/rule.adoc

}
----

> Furthermore, the issue is not raised for the coroutines (introduced in {{cpp20}}) that always return the coroutine object, but may
> not expect value to be returned from its body (when `return_void` function is defined in promise type used by the coroutine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, the issue is not raised for the coroutines, introduced in {{cpp20}}, that always return a coroutine object but may not do it explicitly from its body (when `return_void` function is defined in the promise type of the coroutine).
```

Reviewer 2: The rewrite suggest that coroutine object is sometimes explictly returned from the body, that is never the case. Will updated it slightly.

== See

> * S6369 - Coroutine should have co_return on each execution path or provide return_void

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {rule:cpp:S6369} - Coroutine should have co_return on each execution path or provide return_void
```

}
----

Furthermore, the issue is not raised for the coroutines, introduced in {{cpp20}}, that always declare coroutine object as a return type,
but returned object is implicitly created by compiler. The coroutine body itself may never contains `return` statement (the use of it is disallowed),
and `co_return` is used for coroutine that returns a value (define `return_value` in promise-type).

== See

> * {rule:cpp:S6369} - Coroutine should have co_return on each execution path or provide return_void

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* S6369 - Coroutine should have co_return on each execution path or provide return_void
```
This syntax is inserted automatically by rule-api when it generates the HTML
